chore(README): Update contributor readme (#374)
patternfly/pf-codemods: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Development

1. Run `yarn generate` to start the interactive CLI for the generator
    - It will create the rule/test files and update the README/test.tsx files as needed

>     - Select the `generic` generator if you don't see a more applicable one, it creates updates demonstrating prop removal to serve as a basic canvas for you to modify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select the `generic` generator if you don't see a more applicable one. It will create the necessary rule and test files as well as update the README and `test.tsx` files, using prop removal as a template. This will give you a canvas to modify as needed for the specific codemod you're writing.
```

> 1. Run `yarn test:v5` to run tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn test:v5` to run tests for upgrading from v4 to v5
    - This will simply output which tests pass or fail
    - You can also replace `v5` with another version directory within the repo
```

> 1. You can also run `yarn test:v5:single` to see what a consumer would see if they were to run our codemods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn test:v5:single` to run the `pf-codemods` command against the `test.tsx` file and to check what error/warning messages a consumer would see when running our codemods
    - You can also run `yarn test:v5:single --fix` to see what the `test.tsx` file looks like after fixes are applied, allowing you to check whether fixes are applied as expected. Make sure to not save the `test.tsx` file after applying fixes.
```

> If you're having trouble writing a rule, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

If you're having trouble writing a rule, you can:
```

> 1. Put code into an AST explorer like https://astexplorer.net/ to inspect all the AST nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Put code into [AST explorer](https://astexplorer.net/) to inspect all the AST nodes of the input code. You should choose "JavaScript" as the language and "acorn" as the parser
    - This will provide a realtime view of what output your codemod will produce during development
```

Or whatever setup you may be using, maybe just include what options to have set in AST Explorer.

1. `console.dir(node, { depth: 5 })` to better inspect a `node` you're dealing with
1. Write rule targeting an AST node that has all the information you need. Confirm AST node exists in `lib/rules/ast-node-types.d.ts`.
1. Ask in PF slack channels

> 1. See eslint rule docs https://eslint.org/docs/latest/developer-guide/working-with-rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. See [eslint rule docs](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/developer-guide/working-with-rules) 
```

> 1. Look at similar existing rules as examples

Reviewer 2: Hmm, it seems like there are only 1s in the numbered list, is this on purpose?

> If the rule you're adding should have a severity of `warning` rather than `error`, add the rule name to the `warningRules` array in `eslint-plugin-pf-codemods/index.js`.

Reviewer: This could be moved to the Development section
